well howdy there internet people its
bogan so tonight we're gonna start off
with a story and this friend he grew up
in South Florida in an area of South
Florida the white guys normally do not
grow up in this guy is not a bigot but I
see him out one night and I sit down at
the table with him there's two other
guys there and I hear this man say some
of the most bigoted racist stuff I never
would have imagined him saying to be
honest I've known him long enough to
know that he's got his Curious George
patch on upside down there's something
going on and I have to wait and see how
it ends but he's you know he's like yeah
you know went in to bid for that job was
me and two Cubans you know who got that
the guys are laughing and he goes
through any outlines a whole bunch of
scenarios like that and they're laughing
and talking about how true it is and
then he's like man I love being white
white privilege is great but for that
brief moment you can see it on their
face they couldn't deny that
institutional racism existed now I have
no idea if this was actually an
effective tactic I never saw these guys
again could have just been a brief thing
but for that moment oh they knew it was
real and then there was no way they
could deny cuz they'd been talking about
it and saying it was real all night
now the reason I told you this is
because our last couple weeks I've had
questions come in from different people
different very different situations but
they're all the same question how do we
deal with bigots that are in our lives
that we can't get rid of it's tough that
is tough try to give you some advice on
these mainly because there were so many
and just understand the advice I'm
giving is more about changing how they
act rather than what they believe you
know in an ideal world we'd all be out
there winning hearts and minds at the
end of the day if you got them by the if
you got a good hold on them their hearts
and minds will follow just have to
change the way they act at least around
you first guy putting the ages together
here and he didn't say but from the
timeline he gave this guy sounds to be
sixty plus years old and you have to
deal with it you've made some efforts to
limit that contact but you live in a
town of 3,000 people
oh yeah y'all are gonna meet again so
how do you reach out to somebody who is
60 plus years old and a bigot
you don't know don't even waste your
time with it seriously
it has been my experience that when you
were talking about racists that are that
old the amount of time it takes to
create any real change in them is is
substantial and if you were to take that
time and devote it to reaching out to 20
year olds you could reach ten twenty
year olds in the same amount of time
that sixty year old he's gonna be dead
in 20 years those 20 year olds they will
be influencing people long after you're
gone you got limited resources use them
wisely on this one and just let nature
take its course you know put your effort
where it's gonna make the most good just
from math just just looking at the math
on this if you waste that time trying to
reach out to this guy you are
580 years and the whole that's how much
influence could be created
580 years
anyway next guy his boss is openly
racist but he needs the job and he's a
white guy and he doesn't know how to
deal with it because he just doesn't
like hearing it okay this is easy this
one is easy
because the the businesses it deals with
the public leave out a newspaper article
the next time somebody loses their
business because they said something
stupid on Facebook and word got out that
they were racist leave the newspaper
open to that article share it on
Facebook if he if he's following you on
social media just get it out there and
put it in his head that he can lose his
business because of these stupid ideas
again can I change in hearts and minds
but if you cut him by the wallet his
actions will change
the next one is tough the next one stuck
the next one is very different because
it is not run-of-the-mill bigotry a
woman is dating a veteran and he has a
lot of negative things to say about
Arabs and Muslims based on the years you
said he was there where you said he was
this is probably a defense mechanism
it's really common extremely common
throughout history most normal people
there's a small subset that this doesn't
apply to but most normal people need to
dehumanize their opposition because if
they don't and the opposition those are
people that means everything they did
they did people not their favorite
racial slur the question I'd ask you is
that this only come up because he was
around some of his older army buddies
that he doesn't see so often and you
just heard it all and now you're
concerned is this something that's only
going to come up every once in a while
or is this something you're gonna have
to deal with every day I would weigh
this one out really carefully because
when you open this can of worms
you'll probably get any professional
help along the way when you take away
that crutch and that's what it is it's a
crutch racism in this case is a crutch
it helps them justify actions you know
you didn't do that to a person you did
that to it whatever I make sure first
you're gonna stay with this guy forever
and second that you're ready for it
because this is guess this will get
nasty this is gonna be a rough road
the next one said the south I don't even
consider that the south but I do
understand that in a lot of ways that is
more the south than a lot of the south
she says that anytime she hears the
n-word she corrects it as politely as
possible and that this causes problems
at times it seems like she's looking for
another way to do it this is again this
is not a great tactic and I'm sure that
I'm sure there will be some people who
are not happy with this but I love the
firm belief that women do not understand
the power they wilt in this particular
battle if women tomorrow
coast to coast decided that bigotry was
unattractive oh it would be gone in a
generation if bigots had trouble getting
dates it would disappear now I know
that's basically encouraging your own
objectification I understand that I do
it's a tactic and it's one that I do
believe would work I'm assuming that if
you were as passionate as you seem in
the message about this your your friends
your other women friends are probably
the same way and if it became know that
these are qualities you you don't find
attractive in that you wouldn't see them
anymore you really wouldn't they would
disappear again you're not really
changing hearts and minds but you're
changing the way they act and if they
have to conceal the way they act then
well
eventually they're gonna stop thinking
that way it's a lot like racist jokes
you know rhyme that there's not a lot of
over racism anymore
it's jokes and the best thing I have
found to deal with that is to pretend
like you don't get the joke because the
reason they're hiding it in a joke is
that they're not comfortable being
openly racist so when they finish the
punchline you know like I don't get it
explain it and you have to drag it out
of them and they have to openly admit
the racist undertones of the joke well
then it's not funny anymore
and then they also don't get to hide
behind it what happens is they stop
telling the jokes maybe not everywhere
but around you and this is one of those
things where it's a huge battle in every
little bit helps if you can shut them up
for five minutes that's five minutes of
peace that somebody else might get I
mean there there are a lot of a lot of
ways to deal with racists there are all
of these seem to be looking for more
subtle ways so those are the options
I've give you I do love the fact that we
are seeing more and more people who are
not racist become anti-racist because
that's what it's going to take and even
if it's just little things like this it
can make an impact anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night